I think we just had the weirdest
experience in a stranger's basement
[Music]
[Applause]
by eleven and this is not finished I've
let the audience decide a challenge that
I'll have to do don't accept it I
totally forgot that I haven't been able
to finish it it's not a lemon laying
there boy I gotta see it is it clean no
it's not oh here what people come my
hair is motivating you so much who you
love it
haha you're the good one yes I sit up
make some coffee in the morning it's a
lot
take my towel off back straight
really like this how's that okay so we
went through the list of comments and a
lot of them involve piercings and
tattoos I don't think I'm ours quite
there yet but we picked that one that I
thought personally was hilarious and
that I think is gonna be extremely
painful one more to go on and try to do
he should switch rooms one night with a
stranger and they said although I don't
know what strangers would take that move
Omar's gonna have to find a stranger to
sleep in our house we're getting screwed
you know what you're gonna make a new
friend because whatever is gonna say yes
you know that though yeah cuz it's
always the case looks like I'm gonna
have my first potential contender yeah
dude yeah question do you live in Venice
what's up dude do you live in Venice
are you a Venice local it's gonna sound
pretty crazy I'm gonna ask you for set
for a pretty ridiculous thing but bear
with me I'll explain Julian Venice do
you want to swap lives for a night I
basically have to convince a stranger to
swap lives with than at no way he's
asking your girl
there's no way am i my roommates
challenged me to find a stranger who
would agree to swap lives with me
tonight so basically take my life I took
your life
I'm a Marten I have a I have a pretty
ridiculous request to swap lives with a
stranger for a night and I would go live
wherever you live so my roommate so my
roommate my roommates
my roommates challenged me to find a
stranger to swap lives with it's all
good no okay
have a good alright that's like tense
rejection or oh but oh no worries all
right it's gonna be a long match at the
end of the past fair enough
all right hmm still no luck she's
probably just sitting like I don't want
to hear you man to sleep in my bed
tonight good luck buddy good luck hard
floor just like so confused why am I
even asking them that you know if it's
not today it'll be tomorrow I have no
doubt this won't succeed because I think
there's someone out there who will be
spontaneous enough and will be one of
our best friends moving forward
can I pitch you something I might as
well pitched you what I'm trying to
pitch before right now so my roommates
challenged me to go out and find a
stranger I think the room they take my
room it is a commitment I don't even
have to yeah so you it would be like a
full night where you'll do with my
roommates to please make this happen I
have asked so many people I promised
like I you will make good friends with
these guys I have a company here in
Venice okay so how crazy would like
Monday night Peaks have to go work then
I said oh it wouldn't be crazy like they
will cook you dinner or you will just
have like a regular Monday night with my
yeah yeah what's your company tonight
yeah that's Club right it's a app that
lets you send comments to people and see
their soil it's like the first positive
oh dude this is perfect there's no way
and then it's sleeping in your room look
at us being besties I thought it would
be laughing at him are going for like
four days and instead he got on the
second day alright peace out roomie
you're out you been to a place no
husband all right Austin I hope you're
ready dog this whole thing is how normal
this actually feels like we've never met
you anybody sleep here and you're just
like very casual about it I told her now
don't you want like something weirder
like it's gonna be creepy one thing you
do is the planetarium show with our big
so we put together a show where one of
my roommates dresses like an astronaut
takes you on a tour the universe it's
like an immersive x-rated as he grew up
sometimes you guys sound like you're
gonna be your best friends yeah what
made you say yes I thought was funny
honestly like I I first I was like it
was this is weird but this is totally
something I would do someone else and so
it's perfect all right so since I'm not
the new guy anymore
I've been here for a couple days now and
I think I've become part of the group
anyway so this is a sweet outfit that
you're gonna have to wear for amazing
all right we're gonna join you yeah I
think I think Austin's born for this is
perfect all right
I'm out of here here it is right knee HQ
looks like a sick house hey bud how's it
going
Alec yep thank you dude yeah it's a
pretty strange experience - yeah to be
just switching lifes with this stranger
so you all live here although all the
people want you yeah yeah
[Music]
wanted to show for all you guys okay
it'd be kind of weird with just one
person okay sweet we'll be back with all
the guys Alex nice to me we are have
very similar setups it's a good friends
here it's like a x-rated Disneyworld
ride is the best way to describe it oh
it's great it's time to go to bed to
have that early interview tomorrow but
these guys have been awesome and I got
you down all right go to sleep
cheers guys I'm so glad that I ended up
not cleaning my room on time whoever
made that comment thank you very much
all right good night I meant thank you
for such an amazing night we had such a
great time thanks for having I'll get
that I come here is the best never do
the best roommate an average guy like me
gasps what
[Music]
good morning I was yeah yeah it's like
an immersive galaxy to the house
[Music]
and of Lorraine 56%
Wow everyone commander Lorraine studied
space I got surgery to remove the tumor
and it would be nice but I was the Swan
five-niner becoming a real astronaut but
I never gave up on my dream stars
Sena territorial I got down there my
following my
[Music]
here that was insane what did we just
witness oh this is kind of crazy yeah
that was insane so I'm glad we did that
we discovered definitely one of the
streamers greatest basements
[Music]